---
title: "Privacy Policy"
draft: false
# page title background image
bg_image: "images/backgrounds/page-title.jpg"
# about image
#image: "images/about/about-page.png"
# meta description
description : "Privacy policy for SITO app/website."
---

## PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: 2022-05-01

### 1. Introduction
Welcome to Eclatian Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Eclatian Technologies Pvt. Ltd. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates fsts.in (hereinafter referred to as “Service”).
Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to fsts.in, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.
We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“agreement”).
### 2. Definitions
SERVICE means the fsts.in website operated by Eclatian Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
PERSONAL DATA means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
USAGE DATA is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
DATA CONTROLLER means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
### 3. Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
### 4. Types of Data Collected
#### Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
1. 0.1. Email address
2. 0.2 First name and last name
3. 0.3 Phone number
4. 0.4 Address, Country, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
5. 0.5 Usage Data


We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link.
#### Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through any device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access Service with a device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of device you use, your device unique ID, the IP address of your device, your device operating system, the type of Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
#### Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.
#### Other Data
While using our Service, we may also collect the following information: sex, age, date of birth, place of birth, passport details, citizenship, registration at place of residence and actual address, telephone number (work, mobile), details of documents on education, qualification, professional training, employment agreements, NDA agreements, information on bonuses and compensation, information on marital status, family members, social security (or other taxpayer identification) number, office location and other data.


### 5. Use of Data
Eclatian Technologies Pvt. Ltd. uses the collected data for various purposes:
1. 0.1. to provide and maintain our Service.
1. 0.2. to notify you about changes to our Service.
1. 0.3. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so.
1. 0.4. to provide customer support.
1. 0.5. to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service.
1. 0.6. to monitor the usage of our Service.
1. 0.7. to detect, prevent and address technical issues.
1. 0.8. to fulfil any other purpose for which you provide it.
1. 0.9. to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
1. 0.10. to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.
1. 0.11. to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information.
1. 0.12. in any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
1. 0.13. for any other purpose with your consent.


### 6. Retention of Data
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
### 7. Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to India and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Eclatian Technologies Pvt. Ltd. will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.


### 8. Disclosure of Data
We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:
1. 0.1. Disclosure for Law Enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.
1. 0.2. Business Transaction.
If we or our subsidiaries are involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.
1. 0.3. Other cases. We may disclose your information also:
1. 1. 0.3.1. to fulfil the purpose for which you provide it;
1. 1. 0.3.2. for the purpose of including your company’s logo on our website.
1. 1. 0.3.3. for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
1. 1. 0.3.4. with your consent in any other cases;
1. 1. 0.3.5. if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others.

### 9. Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### 10. Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Union (EU) and European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights, covered by GDPR.
We aim to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data, we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please email us at [sito@eclatian.com](mailto:sito@eclatian.com).

### 11. Contact Us

For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details:


##### **Sito Team**
[**sito@eclatian.com**](mailto:sito@eclatian.com)


